LanguageSpecified or auto-detected text language.Letter countThe total number of letters. Letter count operationalizes the length of a text segment in number of letters.Word countThe total number of word tokens. Word count operationalizes the length of a text segment in number of words.Type countThe number of distinct words. Type count operationalizes how many distinct words are used in a text segment.Sentence countThe total number of sentences. Sentence count operationalizes the length of a text segment in number of sentences.Paragraph countThe number of paragraphs. Paragraph count operationalizes the length of a text segment in number of paragraphs. Paragraphs are separated by a double new line.Hapax legomena countThe number of words occurring only once. Hapax legomena count operationalizes the use of rare words, by measuring the number of words only occurring once in a text segment.Hapax legomena incidenceThe number of words occurring only once, per 1,000 words. Hapax legomena incidence operationalizes the frequency of rare words, by measuring words only occurring once normalized for the size of the text segment in terms of the number of words.Adjective countThe number of words with an Adjective part-of-speech. Adjective count operationalizes the use of different adjectives in a text segment.Adverb countThe number of words with an Adverb part-of-speech in a text segment. Adverb count operationalizes the use of different adverbs in a text segment.Interjection countThe number of words with an Interjection part-of-speech. Interjection count operationalizes the use of different interjections in a text segment.Lexical verb countThe number of words with a Verb part-of-speech in a text segment. Llexical verb count operationalizes the use of different lexical verbs in a text segment.Noun countThe number of words with a Noun part-of-speech in a text segment. Noun count operationalizes the use of different nouns in a text segment.Proper noun countThe number of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech in a text segment. Proper noun count operationalizes the use of different proper nouns in a text segment.Lexical item countThe number of words with an open class part-of-speech in a text segment. Lexical item count operationalizes the use of different lexical items in a text segment.Adposition countThe number of words with an Adposition part-of-speech in a text segment. Adposition count operationalizes the use of different adpositions in a text segment.Auxiliary countThe number of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech in a text segment. Auxiliary count operationalizes the use of different auxiliaries in a text segment.Conjunction countThe number of words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech in a text segment. Conjunction count operationalizes the use of different conjunctions in a text segment.Determiner countThe number of words with a Determiner part-of-speech in a text segment. Determiner count operationalizes the use of different determiners in a text segment.Numeral countThe number of words with a Numeral part-of-speech in a text segment. Numeral count operationalizes the use of different numerals in a text segment.Particle countThe number of words with a Particle part-of-speech in a text segment. Particle count operationalizes the use of different particles in a text segment.Pronoun countThe number of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech in a text segment. Pronoun count operationalizes the use of different pronouns in a text segment.Grammatical item countThe number of words with a closed class part-of-speech in a text segment. Grammatical item count operationalizes the use of different grammatical items in a text segment.Verb countThe number of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech in a text segment. Verb count operationalizes the use of different verbs in a text segment.Punctuation countThe number of words with a Punctuation part-of-speech in a text segment. Punctuation count operationalizes the use of different punctuation symbols in a text segment.Personal pronoun countThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun as a part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature. Personal pronoun count operationalizes the use of personal pronouns such as “I”, “you”, “she”, “we”, and “they”.First person pronoun countThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature. First person pronoun count operationalizes the use of first person pronouns, such as “I”, “me”, “my” and “mine”.Second person pronoun countThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature. Second person pronoun count operationalizes the use of second person pronouns, such as “you”, and “your”.Third person pronoun countThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature. Third person count operationalizes the use of third person pronouns, such as “he”, “she” and “it”.Interrogative countThe number of words, tagged with an interrogative feature. Interrogative count operationalizes the use of interrogative markers on word tokens.Demonstrative countThe number of words, tagged with a demonstrative feature. Demonstrative count operationalizes the use of demonstrative markers on word tokens.Singular word countThe number of words, tagged with a singular word feature. Singular word count operationalizes the use of singular word markers on word tokens.Plural word countThe number of words, tagged with a plural word feature. Plural word count operationalizes the use of plural word markers on word tokens.Indefinite word countThe number of words, tagged with an indefinite word feature. Indefinite word count operationalizes the use of indefinite word markers on word tokens.Definite word countThe number of words, tagged with a definite word feature. Definite word count operationalizes the use of definite word markers on word tokens.Finite verb countThe number of words, tagged with a finite verb feature. Finite verb count operationalizes the use of finite verb markers on word tokens.Infinitive verb countThe number of words, tagged with an infinitive feature. Infinitive count operationalizes the use of infinitive markers on word tokens.Verbal adjective countThe number of words, tagged with a verbal adjective feature. Verbal adjective count operationalizes the use of verbal adjective markers on word tokens.Past tense countThe number of words, tagged with a past tense feature. Past tense count operationalizes the use of past tense markers on word tokens.Present tense countThe number of words, tagged with a present tense feature. Present tense count operationalizes the use of present tense markers on word tokens.Passive voice countThe number of words, tagged with a passive voice feature. Passive voice count operationalizes the use of passive voice markers on word tokens.Adjective incidenceThe number of words with an Adjective part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of adjectives, by measuring the number of adjectives, normalized for the size of the text segment.Adverb incidenceThe number of words with an Adverb part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of adverbs, by measuring the number of adverbs, normalized for the size of the text segment.Interjection incidenceThe number of words with an Interjection part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of interjections, by measuring the number of interjections, normalized for the size of the text segment.Lexical verb incidenceThe number of words with a Verb part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of lexical verbs, by measuring the number of lexical verbs, normalized for the size of the text segment.Noun incidenceThe number of words with a Noun part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of nouns, by measuring the number of nouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Proper noun incidenceThe number of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of proper nouns, by measuring the number of proper nouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Lexical item incidenceThe number of words with an open class part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of lexical items, by measuring the number of lexical items, normalized for the size of the text segment.Adposition incidenceThe number of words with an Adposition part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of adpositions, by measuring the number of adpositions, normalized for the size of the text segment.Auxiliary incidenceThe number of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of auxiliaries, by measuring the number of auxiliaries, normalized for the size of the text segment.Conjunction incidenceThe number of words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of conjunctions, by measuring the number of conjunctions, normalized for the size of the text segment.Determiner incidenceThe number of words with a Determiner part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of determiners, by measuring the number of determiners, normalized for the size of the text segment.Numeral incidenceThe number of words with a Numeral part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of numerals, by measuring the number of numerals, normalized for the size of the text segment.Particle incidenceThe number of words with a Particle part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of particles, by measuring the number of particles, normalized for the size of the text segment.Pronoun incidenceThe number of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of pronouns, by measuring the number of pronouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Grammatical item incidenceThe number of words with a closed class part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of grammatical items, by measuring the number of grammatical items, normalized for the size of the text segment.Verb incidenceThe number of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of verbs, by measuring the number of verbs, normalized for the size of the text segment.Punctuation incidenceThe number of words with a Punctuation part-of-speech, per 1,000 words. It operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of punctuation marks, by measuring the number of punctuation tags, normalized for the size of the text segment.Personal pronoun incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature, per 1,000 words. Personal pronoun incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of personal pronouns, such as “I”, “you”, “she”, “we”, and “they”, by measuring the number of personal pronouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.First person pronoun incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, per 1,000 words. First person pronoun incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of first person pronouns, such as “I”, “me”, “my” and “mine”, by measuring the number of first person pronouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Second person pronoun incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, per 1,000 words. Second person pronoun incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of second person pronouns, such as “you”, and “your”, by measuring the number of second person pronouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Third person pronoun incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, per 1,000 words. Third person pronoun incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of third person pronouns, such as “he”, “she” and “it”, by measuring the number of second person pronouns, normalized for the size of the text segment.Interrogative incidenceThe number of words, tagged with an interrogative feature, per 1,000 words. Interrogative incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of interrogative markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with an interrogative feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Demonstrative incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a demonstrative feature, per 1,000 words. Demonstrative incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of demonstrative markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a demonstrative feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Singular word incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a singular word feature, per 1,000 words. Singular word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of singular word markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a singular word feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Plural word incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a plural word feature, per 1,000 words. Plural word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of plural word markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a plural word feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Indefinite word incidenceThe number of words, tagged with an indefinite word feature, per 1,000 words. Indefinite word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of indefinite word markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with an indefinite word feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Definite word incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a definite word feature, per 1,000 words. Definite word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of definite word markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a definite word feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Finite verb incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a finite verb feature, per 1,000 words. Finite verb incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of finite verb markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a finite verb feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Infinitive verb incidenceThe number of words, tagged with an infinitive feature, per 1,000 words. Infinitive incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of infinitive markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with an infinitive feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Verbal adjective incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a verbal adjective feature, per 1,000 words. Verbal adjective incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of verbal adjective markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a verbal adjective feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Past tense incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a past tense feature, per 1,000 words. Past tense incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of past tense markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a past tense feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Present tense incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a present tense feature, per 1,000 words. Present tense incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of present tense markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a present tense feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Passive voice incidenceThe number of words, tagged with a passive voice feature, per 1,000 words. Passive voice incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of passive voice markers on word tokens by measuring the number of words with a passive voice feature, normalized for the size of the text segment.Adjective type countThe number of distinct words with an Adjective part-of-speech. Adjective type count operationalizes how many distinct adjectives are used in a text segment.Adverb type countThe number of distinct words with an Adverb part-of-speech. Adverb type count operationalizes how many distinct adverbs are used in a text segment.Interjection type countThe number of distinct words with an Interjection part-of-speech. Interjection type count operationalizes how many distinct interjections are used in a text segment.Lexical verb type countThe number of distinct words with a Verb part-of-speech. Lexical verb type count operationalizes how many distinct lexical verbs are used in a text segment.Noun type countThe number of distinct words with a Noun part-of-speech. Noun type count operationalizes how many distinct nouns are used in a text segment.Proper noun type countThe number of distinct words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech. Proper noun type count operationalizes how many distinct proper nouns are used in a text segment.Lexical item type countThe number of distinct words with an open class part-of-speech. Lexical item type count operationalizes how many distinct lexical items are used in a text segment.Adposition type countThe number of distinct words with an Adposition part-of-speech. Adposition type count operationalizes how many distinct adpositions are used in a text segment.Auxiliary type countThe number of distinct words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech. Auxiliary type count operationalizes how many distinct auxiliaries are used in a text segment.Conjunction type countThe number of distinct words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech. Conjunction type count operationalizes how many distinct conjunctions are used in a text segment.Determiner type countThe number of distinct words with a Determiner part-of-speech. Determiner type count operationalizes how many distinct determiners are used in a text segment.Numeral type countThe number of distinct words with a Numeral part-of-speech. Numeral type count operationalizes how many distinct numerals are used in a text segment.Particle type countThe number of distinct words with a Particle part-of-speech. Particle type count operationalizes how many distinct particles are used in a text segment.Pronoun type countThe number of distinct words with a Pronoun part-of-speech. Pronoun type count operationalizes how many distinct pronouns are used in a text segment.Grammatical item type countThe number of distinct words with a closed class part-of-speech. Grammatical item type count operationalizes how many distinct grammatical items are used in a text segment.Verb type countThe number of distinct words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Verb type count operationalizes how many distinct verbs are used in a text segment.Word lengthThe average number of letters per word. Word length operationalizes how long words are in terms of the number of letters.Sentence lengthThe average number of words per sentences. Sentence length operationalizes how long sentences are in terms of the number of words.Paragraph lengthThe average number of sentences per paragraph. Paragraph length operationalizes how long paragraphs are in terms of the number of sentences.Type-token ratioThe number of word types, divided by the number of word tokens. Type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Moving average type-token ratioThe average type-token ratio (number of different words, divided by the total number of words) over windows of 100 words (Covington & McFall, 2010). Each window is calculated by moving from left to right through the words, word by word, using the next 100 consecutive words. Moving average type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words). Whereas the type-token ratio is susceptible to the document size, the moving average type-token ratio is not.Honoré's statisticThe lexical diversity as calculated using the following formula (100 * log10(word count))/(1- (hapax legomena count / type count)) (Honoré, 1979). Honoré's lexical diversity statistic operationalizes the lexical diversity using the number of word types and tokens and the number of words only occurring once. It can thus be seen as a more precise measure of the Type-token ratio.Letter entropyThe average information content in the letter unigrams. It is calculated using the entropy formula (Bentz et al., 2017), using the probabilities of the occurrence of each letter type. Letter entropy operationalizes the complexity and informativity of the letters that are used.Word entropyThe average information content in the word unigrams. It is calculated using the entropy formula (Bentz et al., 2017), using the probabilities of the occurrence of each word type. Word entropy operationalizes the complexity and informativity of the words that are used.Zipf steepness of curveThe steepness of the fit of Zipf’s law to the ordered frequency distribution of words (Linders & Louwerse, 2022; Zipf, 1949). The steepness of Zipf's law operationalizes an estimate of the economization of language with steeper curves, quantified by higher values, indicating more linguistic economization. Typically values around 1 are observed.Zipf goodness of fitThe variance that the fit of Zipf’s law to the ordered frequency distribution of words can explain, quantified by the R2 determination coefficient (Linders & Louwerse, 2022). Zipf R2 goodness of fit operationalizes how well Zipf’s word frequency law fits the frequency distribution of words.Zipf frequencyThe word average of the standardized log10 frequency per billion words. Zipf frequency operationalizes word use in terms of their frequency according to a standardized list of words with a frequency of occurrence of at least once per million words. The frequencies from the news articles and blog sections were averaged (Gimenes & New, 2016).Average contextual diversityThe average of the percentage of documents that each word occurs in (Gimenes & New, 2016). The average contextualy diversity operationalizes word use in terms of diversity of the contexts words occur in. The contextual diversity percentages for the news articles and blogs were averaged.Frequent word countThe number of words that have a Zipf frequency higher than 6 (i.e., occur more than a million times per billion words). Frequent word count operationalizes the use of frequent words, using a standardized list of word frequencies with an occurrence of at least once per million words and averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016).Infrequent word countThe number of words that have a Zipf frequency lower than 4 (i.e., occur less than a 10,000 times per billion words). Infrequent word count operationalizes the use of infrequent words, using a standardized list of word frequencies with an occurrence of at least once per million words and averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016). Importantly, this count includes words that do not occur in the standardized frequency list.Unknown word countThe number of words that are not in standardized word frequency lists of news articles and blogs and hence have a frequency of occurrence of less than once per million (Gimenes & New, 2016). Unknown word count operationalizes the use of rare and possibly wrongly spelled words.Frequent word incidenceThe number of words that have a Zipf frequency higher than 6 (e.g., occur more than a million times per billion words), per 1,000 words. Frequent word incidence operationalizes the normalized use of words that have a high frequency of use, estimated from a standardized list of word frequencies with an occurrence of at least once per million words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016).Infrequent word incidenceThe number of words that have a Zipf frequency lower than 4 (e.g., occur less than 10,000 times per billion words), per 1,000 words. Infrequent word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of words that have a low frequency of use, estimated from a standardized list of word frequencies with an occurrence of at least once per million words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016).Unknown word incidenceThe number of words that are not in the standardized lists of news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016), and hence have a frequency of occurrence of less than once per million, per 1,000 words. Unknown word incidence operationalizes the normalized frequency of use of words that are very rare and are possibly spelled wrongly.Word-lemma Levenshtein dist.The word average of the minimal number of letter substitutions, additions and deletions needed to convert each word token to its lemma, calculated using the Levenshtein algorithm (Levenshtein, 1966). The token-lemma Levenshtein distance operationalizes the morphological complexity in terms of the letter differences between each word and its lemma, normalized per word.Word types per lemmaThe average number of word types per lemma. The word types per lemma operationalizes the morphological complexity of words in terms of the variation in word forms. Note that lemmas with different PoS tags are differentiated.Word types per lemma (nouns)The average number of word types per lemma, only considering lemmas tagged with a noun part-of-speech. The word types per lemma operationalizes the morphological complexity of words in terms of the variation in word forms. Note that lemmas with different PoS tags are differentiated.Word types per lemma (verbs)The average number of word types per lemma, only considering lemmas tagged with a verb part-of-speech. The word types per lemma operationalizes the morphological complexity of words in terms of the variation in word forms. Note that lemmas with different PoS tags are differentiated.Word types per lemma (lexical items)The average number of word types per lemma, only considering lemmas tagged with a lexical item part-of-speech. The word types per lemma operationalizes the morphological complexity of words in terms of the variation in word forms. Note that lemmas with different PoS tags are differentiated.Word types per lemma (grammatical items)The average number of word types per lemma, only considering lemmas tagged with a grammatical item part-of-speech. The word types per lemma operationalizes the morphological complexity of words in terms of the variation in word forms. Note that lemmas with different PoS tags are differentiated.Adjective lengthThe average number of letters per adjective. Adjective length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Adverb lengthThe average number of letters per adverb. Adverb length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an Adverb part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Interjection lengthThe average number of letters per interjection. Interjection length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an Interjection part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Lexical verb lengthThe average number of letters per lexical verb. Lexical verb length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Verb part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Noun lengthThe average number of letters per noun. Noun length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Proper noun lengthThe average number of letters per proper noun. Proper noun length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Proper Noun part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Lexical item lengthThe average number of letters per lexical item. lexical item length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Adposition lengthThe average number of letters per adposition. Adposition length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an Adposition part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Auxiliary lengthThe average number of letters per auxiliary. Auxiliary length operationalizes how long words, tagged with an Auxiliary part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Conjunction lengthThe average number of letters per conjunction. Conjunction length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Determiner lengthThe average number of letters per determiner. Determiner length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Numeral lengthThe average number of letters per numeral. Numeral length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Numeral part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Particle lengthThe average number of letters per particle. Particle length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Particle part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Pronoun lengthThe average number of letters per pronoun. Pronoun length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Grammatical item lengthThe average number of letters per grammatical item. Grammatical item length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Verb lengthThe average number of letters per verb. Verb length operationalizes how long words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech are in terms of the number of letters.Adjective type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an Adjective part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an Adjective part-of-speech. Adjective type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of adjectives in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Adverb type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an Adverb part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an Adverb part-of-speech. Adverb type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of adverbs in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Interjection type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an Interjection part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an Interjection part-of-speech. Interjection type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of interjections in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Lexical verb type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Verb part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Verb part-of-speech. Lexical verb type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of lexical verbs in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Noun type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Noun part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Noun part-of-speech. Noun type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of nouns in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Proper noun type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Proper Noun part-of-speech. Proper noun type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of proper nouns in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Lexical item type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an open class part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an open class part-of-speech. Lexical item type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of lexical items in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Adposition type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an Adposition part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an Adposition part-of-speech. Adposition type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of adpositions in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Auxiliary type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with an Auxiliary part-of-speech. Auxiliary type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of auxiliaries in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Conjunction type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech. Conjunction type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of conjunctions in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Determiner type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Determiner part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Determiner part-of-speech. Determiner type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of determiners in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Numeral type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Numeral part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Numeral part-of-speech. Numeral type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of numerals in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Particle type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Particle part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Particle part-of-speech. Particle type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of particles in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Pronoun type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Pronoun part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Pronoun part-of-speech. Pronoun type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of pronouns in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Grammatical item type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a closed class part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a closed class part-of-speech. Grammatical item type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of grammatical itemss in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Verb type-token ratioThe number of distinct words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, divided by the total number of word tokens with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Verb type-token ratio operationalizes the lexical diversity of verbs in terms of the ratio between word types (number of different words) and tokens (number of words).Adverb-adjective ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adverb part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech. Adverb-adjective ratio operationalizes the relative use of adverbs, compared with adjectives.Interjection-adjective ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Interjection part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech. Interjection-adjective ratio operationalizes the relative use of interjections, compared with adjectives.Determiner-adjective ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech. Determiner-adjective ratio operationalizes the relative use of determiners, compared with adjectives.Adjective-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech. Adjective-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of adjectives, compared with nouns.Interjection-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Interjection part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a noun part-of-speech. Interjection-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of interjections, compared with nouns.Proper noun-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a noun part-of-speech. Proper noun-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of proper nouns, compared with nouns.Verb-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a noun part-of-speech. Verb-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of verbs, compared with nouns.Adposition-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adposition part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a noun part-of-speech. Adposition-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of adpositions, compared with nouns.Conjunction-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Coordating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a noun part-of-speech. Conjunction-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of conjunctions, compared with nouns.Determiner-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech. Determiner-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of determiners, compared with nouns.Numeral-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Numeral part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech. Numeral-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of numerals, compared with nouns.Pronoun-noun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech. Pronoun-noun ratio operationalizes the relative use of pronouns, compared with nouns.Adverb-verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adverb part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Adverb-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of adverbs, compared with verbs.Interjection-verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Interjection part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Interjection-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of interjections, compared with verbs.Adposition-verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adposition part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Adposition-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of adpositions, compared with verbs.Conjunction-verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Coordinating or Subordinating conjunction part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Conjunction-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of conjunctions, compared with verbs.Particle-verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Particle part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech. Particle-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of particles, compared with verbs.Auxiliary-lexical verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Verb part-of-speech. Auxiliary-verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of auxiliaries, compared with verbs.Adjective-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adjective part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Adjective-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of adjectives, compared with all lexical items.Adverb-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adverb part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Adverb-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of adverbs, compared with all lexical items.Interjection-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Interjection part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Interjection-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of interjections, compared with all lexical items.Lexical verb-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Verb part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Lexical verb-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of lexical verbs, compared with all lexical items.Noun-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Noun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Noun-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of nouns, compared with all lexical items.Proper noun-lexical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech. Proper noun-lexical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of proper nouns, compared with all lexical items.Sub-coordinating conjunction ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Coordinating Conjunction part-of-speech. Sub-coordinating conjunction ratio operationalizes the relative use of subordinating conjunctions, compared with coordinating conjunctions.Adposition-determiner ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adposition part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech. Adposition-determiner ratio operationalizes the relative use of adpositions, compared with determiners.Pronoun-determiner ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech. Pronoun-determiner ratio operationalizes the relative use of pronouns, compared with determiners.Proper noun-determiner ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech. Proper noun-determiner ratio operationalizes the relative use of proper nouns, compared with determiners.Proper noun-pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech. Proper noun-pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of proper nouns, compared with pronouns.Adposition-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Adposition part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Adposition-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of adpositions, compared with all grammatical items.Auxiliary-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Auxiliary-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of auxiliaries, compared with all grammatical items.Conjunction-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Conjunction-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of conjunctions, compared with all grammatical items.Determiner-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Determiner part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Determiner-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of determiners, compared with all grammatical items.Numeral-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Numeral part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Numeral-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of numerals, compared with all grammatical items.Particle-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Particle part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Particle-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of particles, compared with all grammatical items.Pronoun-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Pronoun-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of pronouns, compared with all grammatical items.Lexical-grammatical item ratioThe number of words, tagged with an open class part-of-speech, divided by the number of words, tagged with a closed class part-of-speech. Lexical-grammatical item ratio operationalizes the relative use of lexical items, compared with grammatical items.First person-personal pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature. First person pronoun-personal pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of first person pronouns, compared with all personal pronouns.Second person-personal pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature. Second person pronoun-personal pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of second person pronouns, compared with all personal pronouns.Third person-personal pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature. Third person pronoun-personal pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of third person pronouns, compared with all personal pronouns.First-third person pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature. First-third person pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of first person pronouns, compared with third person pronouns.First-second person pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature. Second-first person pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of second person pronouns, compared with first person pronouns.Second-third person pronoun ratioThe number of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature. Second-third person pronoun ratio operationalizes the relative use of second person pronouns, compared with third person pronouns.Plural-singular word ratioThe number of words, tagged with a plural word feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a singular word feature. Plural-singular word ratio operationalizes the relative use of plural words, compared with singular words.Definite-indefinite word ratioThe number of words, tagged with a definite word feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with an indefinite word feature. Definite-indefinite ratio operationalizes the relative use of definite words, compared with indefinite words.Infinitive-finite verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with an infinitive feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a finite verb feature. Infinitive-finite verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of infinitives, compared with finite verbs.Verbal adjective-finite verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with a verbal adjective feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a finite verb feature. Verbal adjective-finite verb ratio operationalizes the relative use of verbal adjectives, compared with finite verbs.Verbal adjective-infinitive verb ratioThe number of words, tagged with a verbal adjective feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with an infinitive feature. Verbal adjective-infinitive ratio operationalizes the relative use of verbal adjectives, compared with infinitives.Present-past tense ratioThe number of words, tagged with a present tense feature, divided by the number of words, tagged with a past tense feature. Present-past tense ratio operationalizes the relative use of present tense markers, compared with past tense markers.Hapax legomena burstinessThe burstiness of hapax legomena (words occurring only once in the text segment), quantified through the positions of hapax legomena within the words. Hapax legomena burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of hapax legomena in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of hapax legomena (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Adjective burstinessThe burstiness of words with an Adjective part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of adjectives within the words. Adjective burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of adjectives (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Adverb burstinessThe burstiness of words with an Adverb part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of adverbs within the words. Adverb burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of adverbs in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of adverbs (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Interjection burstinessThe burstiness of words with an Interjection part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of interjections within the words. Interjection burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of interjections in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of interjections (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Lexical verb burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Verb part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of lexical verbs within the words. Lexical verb burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical verbs in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of lexical verbs (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Noun burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of nouns within the words. Noun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of nouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of nouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Proper noun burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of proper nouns within the words. Proper noun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of proper nouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of proper nouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Lexical item burstinessThe burstiness of words with an open class part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of lexical itemss within the words. Lexical items burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical items in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of lexical items (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Adposition burstinessThe burstiness of words with an Adposition part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of adpositions within the words. Adposition burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of adpositions in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of adpositions (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Auxiliary burstinessThe burstiness of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of auxiliaries within the words. Auxiliary burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of auxiliaries in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of auxiliaries (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Conjunction burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of conjunctions within the words. Conjunction burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of conjunctions in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of conjunctions (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Determiner burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Determiner part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of determiners within the words. Determiner burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of determiners in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of determiners (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Numeral burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Numeral part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of numerals within the words. Numeral burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of numerals in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of numerals (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Particle burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Particle part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of particles within the words. Particle burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of particles in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of particles (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Pronoun burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of pronouns within the words. Pronoun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of pronouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of pronouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Grammatical item burstinessThe burstiness of words with a closed class part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of grammatical items within the words. Grammatical item burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of grammatical items in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of grammatical items (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Verb burstinessThe burstiness of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the positions of verbs within the words. Verb burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbs in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of verbs (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Personal pronoun burstinessThe burstiness of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature, quantified through the positions of personal pronouns within the words. Personal pronoun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of personal pronouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of personal pronouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).First person pronoun burstinessThe burstiness of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, quantified through the positions of first person pronouns within the words. First person pronoun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of first person pronouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of first person pronouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Second person pronoun burstinessThe burstiness of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, quantified through the positions of second person pronouns within the words. Second person pronoun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of second person pronouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of second person pronouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Third person pronoun burstinessThe burstiness of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature, quantified through the positions of third person pronouns within the words. Third person pronoun burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of third person pronouns in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of third person pronouns (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Interrogative burstinessThe burstiness of words with an interrogative feature, quantified through the positions of interrogative markers within the words. Interrogative burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of interrogative markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of interrogative markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Demonstrative burstinessThe burstiness of words with a demonstrative feature, quantified through the positions of demonstrative markers within the words. Demonstrative burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of demonstrative markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of demonstrative markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Singular word burstinessThe burstiness of words with a singular word feature, quantified through the positions of singular word markers within the words. Singular word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of singular word markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of singular word markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Plural word burstinessThe burstiness of words with a plural word feature, quantified through the positions of plural word markers within the words. Plural word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of plural word markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of plural word markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Indefinite word burstinessThe burstiness of words with an indefinite word feature, quantified through the positions of indefinite word markers within the words. Indefinite word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of indefinite word markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of indefinite word markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Definite word burstinessThe burstiness of words with a definite word feature, quantified through the positions of definite word markers within the words. Definite word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of definite word markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of definite word markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Finite verb burstinessThe burstiness of words with a finite verb feature, quantified through the positions of finite verb markers within the words. Finite verb burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of finite verb markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of finite verb markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Infinitive verb burstinessThe burstiness of words with an infinitive feature, quantified through the positions of infinitive markers within the words. Infinitive burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of infinitive markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of infinitive markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Verbal adjective burstinessThe burstiness of words with a verbal adjective feature, quantified through the positions of verbal adjective markers within the words. Verbal adjective burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbal adjective markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of verbal adjective markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Past tense burstinessThe burstiness of words with a past tense feature, quantified through the positions of past tense markers within the words. Past tense burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of past tense markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of past tense markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Present tense burstinessThe burstiness of words with a present tense feature, quantified through the positions of present tense markers within the words. Present tense burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of present tense markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of present tense markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Passive voice burstinessThe burstiness of words with a passive voice feature, quantified through the positions of passive voice markers within the words. Passive voice burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of passive voice markers in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of passive voice markers (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Frequent word burstinessThe burstiness of frequent words (with a standardized frequency of more than a million times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the positions of frequent words within the words. Frequent word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of frequent words in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of frequent words (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Infrequent word burstinessThe burstiness of infrequent words (with a standardized frequency of less than 10,000 times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the positions of infrequent words within the words. Infrequent word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of infrequent words in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of infrequent words (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Unknown word burstinessThe burstiness of words not in standardized frequency lists of news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016), quantified through the positions of unknown words within the words. Unknown word burstiness operationalizes the temporal distribution of unknown words in terms of periodic (burstiness < 0), random (burstines = 0) and bursty (burstiness > 0) recurrence of unknown words (Abney et al., 2018), using the formula described in (Kim & Jo, 2016).Hapax legomena concentrationThe proportion of hapax legomena (words only occurring once in the text segment) that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of hapax legomena within the words. Hapax legomena concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of hapax legomena through the tendency whether hapax legomena occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Adjective concentrationThe proportion of words with an Adjective part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of adjectives within the words. Adjective concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of adjectives through the tendency whether adjectives occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Adverb concentrationThe proportion of words with an Adverb part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of adverbs within the words. Adverb concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of adverbs through the tendency whether adverbs occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Interjection concentrationThe proportion of words with an Interjection part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of interjections within the words. Interjection concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of interjections through the tendency whether interjections occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Lexical verb concentrationThe proportion of words with a Verb part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of lexical verbs within the words. Lexical verb concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical verbs through the tendency whether lexical verbs occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Noun concentrationThe proportion of words with a Noun part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of nouns within the words. Noun concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of nouns through the tendency whether nouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Proper noun concentrationThe proportion of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of proper nouns within the words. Proper noun concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of proper nouns through the tendency whether proper nouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Lexical item concentrationThe proportion of words with an open class part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of lexical items within the words. Lexical item concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical items through the tendency whether lexical items occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Adposition concentrationThe proportion of words with an Adposition part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of adpositions within the words. Adposition concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of adpositions through the tendency whether adpositions occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Auxiliary concentrationThe proportion of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of auxiliaries within the words. Auxiliary concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of auxiliaries through the tendency whether auxiliaries occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Conjunction concentrationThe proportion of words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of conjunctions within the words. Conjunction concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of conjunctions through the tendency whether conjunctions occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Determiner concentrationThe proportion of words with a Determiner part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of determiners within the words. Determiner concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of determiners through the tendency whether determiners occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Numeral concentrationThe proportion of words with a Numeral part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of numerals within the words. Numeral concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of numerals through the tendency whether numerals occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Particle concentrationThe proportion of words with a Particle part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of particles within the words. Particle concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of particles through the tendency whether particles occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Pronoun concentrationThe proportion of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of pronouns within the words. Pronoun concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of pronouns through the tendency whether pronouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Grammatical item concentrationThe proportion of words with a closed class part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of grammatical items within the words. Grammatical item concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of grammatical items through the tendency whether grammatical items occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Verb concentrationThe proportion of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of verbs within the words. Verb concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbs through the tendency whether verbs occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Personal pronoun concentrationThe proportion of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature, that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of personal pronouns within the words. Personal pronoun location concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of personal pronouns through the tendency whether personal pronouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.First person pronoun concentrationThe proportion of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of first person pronouns within the words. First person pronoun location concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of first person pronouns through the tendency whether first person pronouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Second person pronoun concentrationThe proportion of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of second person pronouns within the words. Second person pronoun location concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of second person pronouns through the tendency whether second person pronouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Third person pronoun concentrationThe proportion of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature, that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of third person pronouns within the words. Third person pronoun location concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of third person pronouns through the tendency whether third person pronouns occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Interrogative concentrationThe proportion of words with a demonstrative feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of demonstrative markers within the words. Demonstrative concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of demonstrative markers through the tendency whether demonstrative markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Demonstrative concentrationThe proportion of words with an interrogative feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of interrogative markers within the words. Interrogative concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of interrogative markers through the tendency whether interrogative markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Singular word concentrationThe proportion of words with a singular word feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of singular word markers within the words. Singular word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of singular word markers through the tendency whether singular word markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Plural word concentrationThe proportion of words with a plural word feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of plural word markers within the words. Plural word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of plural word markers through the tendency whether plural word markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Indefinite word concentrationThe proportion of words with an indefinite word feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of indefinite word markers within the words. Indefinite word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of indefinite word markers through the tendency whether indefinite word markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Definite word concentrationThe proportion of words with a definite word feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of definite word markers within the words. Definite word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of definite word markers through the tendency whether definite word markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Finite verb concentrationThe proportion of words with a finite verb feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of finite verb markers within the words. Finite verb concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of finite verb markers through the tendency whether finite verb markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Infinitive verb concentrationThe proportion of words with an infinitive feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of infinitive markers within the words. Infinitive concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of infinitive markers through the tendency whether infinitive markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Verbal adjective concentrationThe proportion of words with a verbal adjective feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of verbal adjective markers within the words. Verbal adjective concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbal adjective markers through the tendency whether verbal adjective markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Past tense concentrationThe proportion of words with a past tense feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of past tense markers within the words. Past tense concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of past tense markers through the tendency whether past tense markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Present tense concentrationThe proportion of words with a present tense feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of present tense markers within the words. Present tense concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of present tense markers through the tendency whether present tense markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Passive voice concentrationThe proportion of words with a passive voice feature that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of passive voice markers within the words. Passive voice concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of passive voice markers through the tendency whether passive voice markers occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Frequent word concentrationThe proportion of frequent words (with a standardized frequency of more than a million times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)) that occur in the first (score < 0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of frequent words within the words. Frequent word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of frequent words through the tendency whether frequent words occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Infrequent word concentrationThe proportion of infrequent words (with a standardized frequency of less than 10,000 times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)) that occur in the first (<0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of infrequent words within the words. Infrequent word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of infrequent words through the tendency whether infrequent words occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Unknown word concentrationThe proportion of unknown words (which are not in standardized frequency lists of news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)) that occur in the first (<0) or second half (score > 0) of the text segment, quantified through the positions of unknown words within the words. Unknown word concentration operationalizes the temporal distribution of unknown words through the tendency whether unknown words occur more towards the start or end of the text segment.Hapax legomena avg positionThe average position of hapax legomena (words occurring only once in a text segment), quantified through the location of hapax legomena within the words. Hapax legomena avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of hapax legomena through the location where they occur on average.Adjective avg positionThe average position of words with an adjective part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adjectives within the words. Adjective avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of adjectives through the location where they occur on average.Adverb avg positionThe average position of words with an Adverb part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adverbs within the words. Adverb avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of adverbs through the location where they occur on average.Interjection avg positionThe average position of words with an Interjection part-of-speech, quantified through the location of interjections within the words. Interjection avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of interjections through the location where they occur on average.Lexical verb avg positionThe average position of words with a Verb part-of-speech, quantified through the location of lexical verbs within the words. Lexical verb avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical verbs through the location where they occur on average.Noun avg positionThe average position of words with a Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of nouns within the words. Noun avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of nouns through the location where they occur on average.Proper noun avg positionThe average position of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of proper nouns within the words. Proper noun avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of proper nouns through the location where they occur on average.Lexical item avg positionThe average position of words with an open class part-of-speech, quantified through the location of lexical itemss within the words. Lexical items avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical itemss through the location where they occur on average.Adposition avg positionThe average position of words with an Adposition part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adpositions within the words. Adposition avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of adpositions through the location where they occur on average.Auxiliary avg positionThe average position of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the location of auxiliaries within the words. Auxiliary avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of auxiliaries through the location where they occur on average.Conjunction avg positionThe average position of words with a Coordinating and Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, quantified through the location of conjunctions within the words. Conjunction avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of conjunctions through the location where they occur on average.Determiner avg positionThe average position of words with a Determiner part-of-speech, quantified through the location of determiners within the words. Determiner avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of determiners through the location where they occur on average.Numeral avg positionThe average position of words with a Numeral part-of-speech, quantified through the location of numerals within the words. Numeral avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of numerals through the location where they occur on average.Particle avg positionThe average position of words with a Particle part-of-speech, quantified through the location of particles within the words. Particle avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of particles through the location where they occur on average.Pronoun avg positionThe average position of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of pronouns within the words. Pronoun avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of pronouns through the location where they occur on average.Grammatical item avg positionThe average position of words with a closed class part-of-speech, quantified through the location of grammatical items within the words. Grammatical item avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of grammatical items through the location where they occur on average.Verb avg positionThe average position of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the location of verbs within the words. Verb avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbs through the location where they occur on average.Personal pronoun avg positionThe average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature, quantified through the location of personal pronouns within the words. Personal pronoun average position operationalizes the temporal distribution of personal pronouns through the location where they occur on average.First person pronoun avg positionThe average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, quantified through the location of first person pronouns within the words. First person pronoun average position operationalizes the temporal distribution of first person pronouns through the location where they occur on average.Second person pronoun avg positionThe average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, quantified through the location of second person pronouns within the words. Second person pronoun average position operationalizes the temporal distribution of second person pronouns through the location where they occur on average.Third person pronoun avg positionThe average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a third person feature, quantified through the location of third person pronouns within the words. Third person pronoun average position operationalizes the temporal distribution of third person pronouns through the location where they occur on average.Interrogative avg positionThe average position of words with an interrogative feature, quantified through the location of interrogative markers within the words. Interrogative avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of interrogative markers through the location where they occur on average.Demonstrative avg positionThe average position of words with a demonstrative feature, quantified through the location of demonstrative markers within the words. Demonstrative avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of demonstrative markers through the location where they occur on average.Singular word avg positionThe average position of words with a singular word feature, quantified through the location of singular word markers within the words. Singular word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of singular word markers through the location where they occur on average.Plural word avg positionThe average position of words with a plural word feature, quantified through the location of plural word markers within the words. Plural word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of plural word markers through the location where they occur on average.Indefinite word avg positionThe average position of words with an indefinite word feature, quantified through the location of indefinite word markers within the words. Indefinite word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of indefinite word markers through the location where they occur on average.Definite word avg positionThe average position of words with a definite word feature, quantified through the location of definite word markers within the words. Definite word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of definite word markers through the location where they occur on average.Finite verb avg positionThe average position of words with a finite verb feature, quantified through the location of finite verb markers within the words. Finite verb avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of finite verb markers through the location where they occur on average.Infinitive verb avg positionThe average position of words with an infinitive feature, quantified through the location of infinitive markers within the words. Infinitive avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of infinitive markers through the location where they occur on average.Verbal adjective avg positionThe average position of words with a verbal adjective feature, quantified through the location of verbal adjective markers within the words. Verbal adjective avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbal adjective markers through the location where they occur on average.Past tense avg positionThe average position of words with a past tense feature, quantified through the location of past tense markers within the words. Past tense avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of past tense markers through the location where they occur on average.Present tense avg positionThe average position of words with a present tense feature, quantified through the location of present tense markers within the words. Present tense avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of present tense markers through the location where they occur on average.Passive voice avg positionThe average position of words with a passive voice feature, quantified through the location of passive voice markers within the words. Passive voice avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of passive voice markers through the location where they occur on average.Frequent word avg positionThe average position of frequent words (with a standardized frequency of more than a million times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of frequent words within the words. Frequent word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of frequent words through the location where they occur on average.Infrequent word avg positionThe average position of infrequent words (with a standardized frequency of less than 10,000 times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of infrequent words within the words. Infrequent word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of infrequent words through the location where they occur on average.Unknown word avg positionThe average position of unknown words (which do not occur in standardized frequency lists of news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of unknown words within the words. Unknown word avg position operationalizes the temporal distribution of unknown words through the location where they occur on average.Hapax legomena position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of hapax legomena (words occurring only once in a text segment), quantified through the location of hapax legomena within the words. Hapax legomena position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of hapax legomena through the deviation from the average location.Adjective position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an Adjective part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adjectives within the words. aAdjective position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of adjectives through the deviation from the average location.Adverb position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an Adverb part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adverbs within the words. Averb position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of adverbs through the deviation from the average location.Interjection position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an Interjection part-of-speech, quantified through the location of interjections within the words. Interjection position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of interjections through the deviation from the average location.Lexical verb position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Verb part-of-speech, quantified through the location of lexical verbs within the words. Lexical verb position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical verbs through the deviation from the average location.Noun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of nouns within the words. Noun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of nouns through the deviation from the average location.Proper noun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Proper Noun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of proper nouns within the words. Proper noun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of proper nouns through the deviation from the average location.Lexical item position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an open class part-of-speech, quantified through the location of lexical items within the words. Lexical item position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of lexical items through the deviation from the average location.Adposition position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an Adposition part-of-speech, quantified through the location of adpositions within the words. Adposition position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of adpositions through the deviation from the average location.Auxiliary position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the location of auxiliaries within the words. Auxiliary position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of auxiliaries through the deviation from the average location.Conjunction position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Coordinating or Subordinating Conjunction part-of-speech, quantified through the location of conjunctions within the words. Conjunction position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of conjunctions through the deviation from the average location.Determiner position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Determiner part-of-speech, quantified through the location of determiners within the words. Determiner position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of determiners through the deviation from the average location.Numeral position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Numeral part-of-speech, quantified through the location of numerals within the words. Numeral position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of numerals through the deviation from the average location.Particle position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Particle part-of-speech, quantified through the location of particles within the words. Particle position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of particles through the deviation from the average location.Pronoun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Pronoun part-of-speech, quantified through the location of pronouns within the words. Pronoun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of pronouns through the deviation from the average location.Grammatical item position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a closed class part-of-speech, quantified through the location of grammatical items within the words. Grammatical item position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of grammatical items through the deviation from the average location.Verb position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a Verb or Auxiliary part-of-speech, quantified through the location of verbs within the words. Verb position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbs through the deviation from the average location.Personal pronoun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words tagged with Pronoun part-of-speech and a personal pronoun type feature, quantified through the location of personal pronouns within the words. Personal pronoun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of personal pronouns through the deviation from the average location.First person pronoun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, quantified through the location of first person pronouns within the words. First person pronoun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of first person pronouns through the deviation from the average location.Second person pronoun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a second person feature, quantified through the location of second person pronouns within the words. Second person pronoun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of second person pronouns through the deviation from the average location.Third person pronoun position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words, tagged with a Pronoun part-of-speech, a personal pronoun type feature, and a first person feature, quantified through the location of third person pronouns within the words. Third person pronoun position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of third person pronouns through the deviation from the average location.Interrogative position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an interrogative feature, quantified through the location of interrogative markers within the words. Interrogative position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of interrogative markers through the deviation from the average location.Demonstrative position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a demonstrative feature, quantified through the location of demonstrative markers within the words. Demonstrative position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of demonstrative markers through the deviation from the average location.Singular word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a singular word feature, quantified through the location of singular word markers within the words. Singular word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of singular word markers through the deviation from the average location.Plural word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a plural word feature, quantified through the location of plural word markers within the words. Plural word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of plural word markers through the deviation from the average location.Indefinite word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an indefinite word feature, quantified through the location of indefinite word markers within the words. Indefinite word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of indefinite word markers through the deviation from the average location.Definite word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a definite word feature, quantified through the location of definite word markers within the words. Definite word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of definite word markers through the deviation from the average location.Finite verb position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a finite verb feature, quantified through the location of finite verb markers within the words. Finite verb position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of finite verb markers through the deviation from the average location.Infinitive verb position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with an infinitive feature, quantified through the location of infinitive markers within the words. Infinitive position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of infinitive markers through the deviation from the average location.Verbal adjective position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a verbal adjective feature, quantified through the location of verbal adjective markers within the words. Verbal adjective position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of verbal adjective markers through the deviation from the average location.Past tense position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a past tense feature, quantified through the location of past tense markers within the words. Past tense position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of past tense markers through the deviation from the average location.Present tense position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a present tense feature, quantified through the location of present tense markers within the words. Present tense position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of present tense markers through the deviation from the average location.Passive voice position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of words with a passive voice feature, quantified through the location of passive voice markers within the words. Passive voice position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of passive voice markers through the deviation from the average location.Frequent word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of frequent words (with a standardized frequency of more than a million times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of frequent words within the words. Frequent word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of frequent words through the deviation from the average location.Infrequent word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of infrequent words (with a standardized frequency of less than 10,000 times per billion words, averaging the frequencies from news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of infrequent words within the words. Infrequent word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of infrequent words through the deviation from the average location.Unknown word position SDThe standard deviation from the average position of unknown words (which do not occur in standardized frequency lists of news articles and blogs (Gimenes & New, 2016)), quantified through the location of unknown words within the words. Unknown word position SD operationalizes the temporal distribution of unknown words through the deviation from the average location.Word overlap countThe number of words that overlap between two text segments. Word overlap count operationalizes the word similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping words.Lemma overlap countThe number of lemmas that overlap between two text segments. Lemma overlap count operationalizes the lemma similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping lemmas.PoS overlap countThe number of part-of-speech tags that overlap between two text segments. PoS overlap count operationalizes the part-of-speech similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping PoS tags.Feature overlap countThe number of morphosyntactic features that overlap between two text segments. Feature overlap count operationalizes the morphosyntactic similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping morphosyntactic features.Word overlap ratioThe ratio of words that is shared between two text segments. It is calculated by taking the word overlap count and dividing it through the total number of words in the shortest text segment. Word overlap ratio operationalizes the word similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping words, normalized for the length of the shortest text segment.Lemma overlap ratioThe ratio of lemmas that is shared between two text segments. It is calculated by taking the lemma overlap count and dividing it through the total number of words in the shortest text segment. Lemma overlap ratio operationalizes the lemma similarities between two text segments in terms of the number of overlapping words, normalized for the length of the shortest text segment.PoS overlap ratioThe ratio of part-of-speech tags that is shared between two text segments. It is calculated by taking the PoS overlap count and dividing it through the total number of words in the shortest text segment. PoS overlap ratio operationalizes the part-of-speech similarities between two text segments.Feature overlap ratioThe ratio of morphosyntactic features that is shared between two text segments. It is calculated by taking the feature overlap count and dividing it through the total number of words in the shortest text segment. Feature overlap ratio operationalizes the morphosyntactic similarities between two text segments.Levenshtein character dist.The Levenshtein distance between two segments, quantified through the minimum number of character additions, substitutions and deletions required to transform one text segment into the other, calculated using the Levenshtein algorithm (Levenshtein, 1966), divided by the number of characters in the longest segment. Levenshtein distance operationalizes the similarities in surface forms between two text segments. The segments include punctuation marks.Levenshtein word dist.The Levenshtein distance between two segments, quantified through the minimum number of word-level additions, substitutions and deletions required to transform one text segment into the other,calculated using the Levenshtein algorithm (Levenshtein, 1966), divided by the number of words in the longest segment. Levenshtein word distance operationalizes the similarities in lexical and syntactic structure between two text segments.Levenshtein lemma dist.The Levenshtein distance between two segments, quantified through the minimum number of lemma additions, substitutions and deletions required to transform one text segment into the other, calculated using the Levenshtein algorithm (Levenshtein, 1966), divided by the number of words in the longest segment. Levenshtein lemma distance operationalizes the similarities in semnatic and syntactic structure between two text segments.Levenshtein PoS dist.The Levenshtein distance between two segments, quantified through the minimum number of part-of-speech additions, substitutions and deletions required to transform one text segment into the other, calculated using the Levenshtein algorithm (Levenshtein, 1966), divided by the number of words in the longest segment. Levenshtein PoS distance operationalizes the similarities in syntactic structure between two text segments.Cosine dist.The cosine distance between two vectors, which are calculated using the average of all word vectors. Cosine distance operationalizes the semantic similarity between two text segments.
